SEO fixes for docs (#197)
JovianML/jovian-py: docs/user-guide/track.md

## Tracking Datasets, Hyperparameters and Metrics

```eval_rst
.. meta::

>    :description: Track Datasets, Hyperparameters and Metrics for Jupyter notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Track datasets, hyperparameters and metrics for ML experiments.
```
